Form: Add colCountByScreen Notes (#8233)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Form/10 Organize Simple Items/15 In Columns/15 Layout Depending on the Screen Width.md

> The Form UI component enables you to specify different layouts for different screen widths. For this purpose, use the [screenByWidth](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxForm/1%20Configuration/screenByWidth.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#screenByWidth') function and [colCountByScreen](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxForm/1%20Configuration/colCountByScreen '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/colCountByScreen/') property. The **screenByWidth** function returns a size qualifier depending on the screen width. The **colCountByScreen** property establishes the dependency between the size qualifier and the column count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Form UI component supports different layouts for different screen widths. Use the [screenByWidth](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxForm/1%20Configuration/screenByWidth.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#screenByWidth') function to convert the current screen width into a size qualifier, and the [colCountByScreen](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxForm/1%20Configuration/colCountByScreen '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/colCountByScreen/') property to map that qualifier to a column count.
```
